content/About.md, before:

# About me

I'm Oleksandr, a backend developer from Ukraine. 
I have been learning web development since 2019 and have achieved good results.

Read more about me below

## Education

Software engineer, Sambir College of Economics and Information Technologies

*From Sep 2019, to Jun 2023*

## Experience

### Back-end developer at Omnigon

Worked on OpenID provider, based on Express.js. There were 3 Vue.js 
developers in the team, I was a back-end developer and another experienced 
person was also a back-end developer.

Achievements:

- Wrote e2e and unit tests for Express.js application on Jest
- Ported the app and bunch of others private libraries from JS to TS
- Created one library from scratch
- Rewrote SSR for Vue when migrating from Vue2 to Vue3
- Communicated with customer in English
- Expanded understanding of OAuth2.0 and OIDC

*From April 2022, to December 2022*

## Languages

- Ukrainian - Native
- English - B1

## Skills

- HTML / CSS
- Node.js (JS / TS)
- Back-end: Express.js, Nest.js
- Front-end: React.js, Next.js
- Testing: Jest.js
- Dev tools: GIT & GitHub, Docker, SSH, VIM, Tmux, VS Code
- Other knowledge & skills: JWT, OAuth2.0 & OIDC, unit & Integration testing, blind typing

For self-development, I learned C++, and related topics:

- Data structures
- Algorithms
- UNIX

## Links

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oleksandr-petryk/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Sasha-hk)
- [Telegram](https://t.me/petryk_oleksandr)

Commit message:

feat: update skills, experience and about me

content/About.md, after:

# About me

I'm interested in web development since 2019. I decided to become a developer simply because it interests me

## Education

Software engineer, Sambir College of Economics and Information Technologies

*From Sep 2019, to Jun 2023*

## Experience

### Back-end developer at Omnigon

Worked on OpenID provider, based on Express.js and MongoDB. 
There were 3 Vue.js developers in the team, another experienced 
full-stack developer and I was a back-end developer.

Achievements:

- Wrote unit & e2e tests for Express.js application on Jest
- Ported the app and bunch of others libraries from JS to TS
- Created one library from scratch (wrote documentation & tests) 
- Rewrote SSR for Vue when migrating from Vue2 to Vue3
- Configured GitHub Actions for linting and testing
- Communicated with customers in English

*From April 2022, to December 2022*

## Languages

- Ukrainian - Native
- English - B1

## Skills

- HTML/CSS
- Node.js (JS / TS)
- Unit & e2e testing: Jest
- Back-end: Express.js, Nest.js
- Front-end: React.js, Next.js, Redux, Recoil
- Database: PostgreSQL, MongoDB
- Tools: GIT & GitHub, GPG, Docker, SSH, VIM, TMUX, VS Code 
- Operating Systems: macOS
- Other acknowledges: CI/CD, JWT, OAuth2.0, OIDC

For self-development I learned: 

- Algorithms & data structures 
- C++
- UNIX

## Links

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/oleksandr-petryk/)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/Sasha-hk)
- [Telegram](https://t.me/petryk_oleksandr)
